\documentclass[11pt,preprint]{elsarticle}

\usepackage{lmodern}
%%%% My spacing
\usepackage{setspace}
\setstretch{1.2}
\DeclareMathSizes{12}{14}{10}{10}

% Wrap around which gives all figures included the [H] command, or places it "here". This can be tedious to code in Rmarkdown.
\usepackage{float}
\let\origfigure\figure
\let\endorigfigure\endfigure
\renewenvironment{figure}[1][2] {
    \expandafter\origfigure\expandafter[H]
} {
    \endorigfigure
}

\let\origtable\table
\let\endorigtable\endtable
\renewenvironment{table}[1][2] {
    \expandafter\origtable\expandafter[H]
} {
    \endorigtable
}


\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
    \usepackage{xltxtra,xunicode}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Mapping=tex-text,Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \newcommand{\euro}{â‚¬}
\fi

\usepackage{amssymb, amsmath, amsthm, amsfonts}

\def\bibsection{\section*{References}} %%% Make "References" appear before bibliography


\usepackage[numbers]{natbib}

\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage[margin=2.3cm,bottom=2cm,top=2.5cm, includefoot]{geometry}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage[bottom, hang, flushmargin]{footmisc}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\numberwithin{equation}{section}
\numberwithin{figure}{section}
\numberwithin{table}{section}
\setlength{\parindent}{0cm}
\setlength{\parskip}{1.3ex plus 0.5ex minus 0.3ex}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0.2pt}
\renewcommand{\footrulewidth}{0.3pt}

\usepackage{array}
\newcolumntype{x}[1]{>{\centering\arraybackslash\hspace{0pt}}p{#1}}

%%%%  Remove the "preprint submitted to" part. Don't worry about this either, it just looks better without it:
\makeatletter
\def\ps@pprintTitle{%
  \let\@oddhead\@empty
  \let\@evenhead\@empty
  \let\@oddfoot\@empty
  \let\@evenfoot\@oddfoot
}
\makeatother

 \def\tightlist{} % This allows for subbullets!

\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{breaklinks=true,
            bookmarks=true,
            colorlinks=true,
            citecolor=blue,
            urlcolor=blue,
            linkcolor=blue,
            pdfborder={0 0 0}}


% The following packages allow huxtable to work:
\usepackage{siunitx}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{calc}
\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{caption}


\newenvironment{columns}[1][]{}{}

\newenvironment{column}[1]{\begin{minipage}{#1}\ignorespaces}{%
\end{minipage}
\ifhmode\unskip\fi
\aftergroup\useignorespacesandallpars}

\def\useignorespacesandallpars#1\ignorespaces\fi{%
#1\fi\ignorespacesandallpars}

\makeatletter
\def\ignorespacesandallpars{%
  \@ifnextchar\par
    {\expandafter\ignorespacesandallpars\@gobble}%
    {}%
}
\makeatother


% definitions for citeproc citations
\NewDocumentCommand\citeproctext{}{}
\NewDocumentCommand\citeproc{mm}{%
\href{\#cite.\detokenize{#1}}{#2}\nocite{#1}}

\makeatletter
% allow citations to break across lines
\let\@cite@ofmt\@firstofone
% avoid brackets around text for \cite:
\def\@biblabel#1{}
\def\@cite#1#2{{#1\if@tempswa , #2\fi}}
\makeatother
\newlength{\cslhangindent}
\setlength{\cslhangindent}{1.5em}
\newlength{\csllabelwidth}
\setlength{\csllabelwidth}{3em}
\newenvironment{CSLReferences}[2] % #1 hanging-indent, #2 entry-spacing
{\begin{list}{}{%
	\setlength{\itemindent}{0pt}
	\setlength{\leftmargin}{0pt}
	\setlength{\parsep}{0pt}
	% turn on hanging indent if param 1 is 1
	\ifodd #1
	\setlength{\leftmargin}{\cslhangindent}
	\setlength{\itemindent}{-1\cslhangindent}
	\fi
	% set entry spacing
	\setlength{\itemsep}{#2\baselineskip}}}
{\end{list}}

\usepackage{calc}
\newcommand{\CSLBlock}[1]{\hfill\break\parbox[t]{\linewidth}{\strut\ignorespaces#1\strut}}
\newcommand{\CSLLeftMargin}[1]{\parbox[t]{\csllabelwidth}{\strut#1\strut}}
\newcommand{\CSLRightInline}[1]{\parbox[t]{\linewidth - \csllabelwidth}{\strut#1\strut}}
\newcommand{\CSLIndent}[1]{\hspace{\cslhangindent}#1}


\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}

%%% Use protect on footnotes to avoid problems with footnotes in titles
\let\rmarkdownfootnote\footnote%
\def\footnote{\protect\rmarkdownfootnote}
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}

%%% Include extra packages specified by user

%%% Hard setting column skips for reports - this ensures greater consistency and control over the length settings in the document.
%% page layout
%% paragraphs
\setlength{\baselineskip}{12pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{12pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
%% floats
\setlength{\floatsep}{12pt plus 0 pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\textfloatsep}{20pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\intextsep}{14pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\dbltextfloatsep}{20pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\dblfloatsep}{14pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
%% maths
\setlength{\abovedisplayskip}{12pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\belowdisplayskip}{12pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
%% lists
\setlength{\topsep}{10pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\partopsep}{3pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\itemsep}{5pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}
\setlength{\labelsep}{8mm plus 0mm minus 0mm}
\setlength{\parsep}{\the\parskip}
\setlength{\listparindent}{\the\parindent}
%% verbatim
\setlength{\fboxsep}{5pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}



\begin{document}



\begin{frontmatter}  %

\title{Grape minds think alike}

% Set to FALSE if wanting to remove title (for submission)




\author[Add1]{Talyah Greyling\footnote{\textbf{Contributions:}
  \newline \emph{The author would like to thank her mother, Melina, for
  the ample amounts of coffee supplied to her desk.}}}
\ead{23761067@sun.ac.za}





\address[Add1]{Stellenbosch University, Cape Town, South Africa}

\cortext[cor]{Corresponding author: Talyah Greyling\footnote{\textbf{Contributions:}
  \newline \emph{The author would like to thank her mother, Melina, for
  the ample amounts of coffee supplied to her desk.}}}

\begin{abstract}
\small{
\emph{UPDATE ABSTRACT} * Copy table output, put in ChatGPT \& ask to
rewrite (\citeproc{ref-Latex}{\textbf{Latex?}}) format, paste in
Paper\_23761067 * ggsave \&
include\_graphics(``\{location\}tables/table1.png'') for plots Main
research question: NLP: Which words in reviews are associated with
higher wine ratings? * interesting sentiment/wine words/descriptives
literature * Method: 2 step: random forrest (or lasso) - variable
selector (words as columns \& ratings as rows), top N words (20/50)
filter only on those columns \& draw word clouds, variable importance
plots \& PDP (Partial Dependence Plots) * Then run regressions of best
words (OLS)

Abstract to be written here. The abstract should not be too long and
should provide the reader with a good understanding what you are writing
about. Academic papers are not like novels where you keep the reader in
suspense. To be effective in getting others to read your paper, be as
open and concise about your findings here as possible. Ideally, upon
reading your abstract, the reader should feel he / she must read your
paper in entirety.
}
\end{abstract}

\vspace{1cm}





\vspace{0.5cm}

\end{frontmatter}

\setcounter{footnote}{0}



%________________________
% Header and Footers
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
\pagestyle{fancy}
\chead{}
\rhead{}
\lfoot{Grape minds think alike}
\rfoot{\footnotesize Page \thepage}
\lhead{\leftmark}
%\rfoot{\footnotesize Page \thepage } % "e.g. Page 2"
\cfoot{}

%\setlength\headheight{30pt}
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%________________________

\headsep 35pt % So that header does not go over title




\newpage

\section{\texorpdfstring{Introduction
\label{Intro}}{Introduction }}\label{introduction}

Grape minds think alike\ldots{} or do they? The objective of this study
is to investigate which words (if any) used in wine reviews are
associated with higher wine ratings on an online marketplace platform.
The data utilised in this study is a sample drawn from Vivino
\footnote{\emph{follow \href{https://www.vivino.com/}{this link} to
  peruse the website}} reviews for Calitzdorp, South Africa for the
years 2014 to 2016. Section \ref{LitRev} contains a review of the
existing literature surrounding sentiment and, more specifically, wine
descriptives. Thereafter section 2 explains how the data was cleaned and
transformed and embarks on an exploratory description and analysis of
the data by making use of histograms and word clouds. In section 3
statistical modelling is employed in a two-step process consisting of a
random forest variable selection method and an OLS regression to
determine which words used in wine reviews are the best predictors of
good ratings. Thereafter a conclusion is drawn in section 4.

\newpage

\section{\texorpdfstring{Literature review
\label{LitRev}}{Literature review }}\label{literature-review}

\subsection{Economic importance}\label{economic-importance}

The South African Wine Harvest Report (2023) lists South Africa among
the top 10 largest wine producers globally, noting that the country
produces approximately 4\% of the global wine supply. Additionally, over
R55 billion of the country's GDP can be attributed to the wine industry
which employs roughly 269 000 workers (\citeproc{ref-WoSA2023}{Wines of
South Africa (WoSA), 2023}). The Economic importance of this research
question therefore lies in the ability to understanding how to boost
one's ratings and thereby ultimately sales by using the correct words in
reviews. This research can therefore have an impact on both the
country's GDP as well as employment if the boost in ratings and income
generated is significant enough.

\subsection{Sentiment analysis}\label{sentiment-analysis}

Ali, Farooq, Imran \& El Hindi (\citeproc{ref-AliEtAl2025}{2025})
describes sentiment analysis as the undertaking of determining the
opinions and emotions conveyed via text and other media. This has a
multitude of applications in our increasingly technologically driven
society in the domains of e-commerce and marketing, social media,
politics and health. With the explosion of text based content during the
fourth industrial revolution, Dang, Moreno-GarcÃ­a \& Prieta
(\citeproc{ref-DangEtAl2021}{in press}) explain that a vast amount of
opposing representations of anything ranging from facts to opinions can
be found online. This gives sentiment analysis an important role to play
in deciphering this new technological landscape we find ourselves in.
Alalwan (\citeproc{ref-AlalwanEtAl2018}{2018}) note that utilising data
mining tools and social media analytics have indeed given businesses
invaluable insight into the preferences, attitudes and behaviour of
their customers.

However, these online platforms where individuals have the freedom to
write whatever and however they deem fit are equally hazardous as they
can facilitate the spread of incorrect information. Vosoughi, Roy \&
Aral (\citeproc{ref-VosoughiEtAl2018}{2018}) found incorrect information
to actually spread wider and faster on social media than its true
counterpart. Nevertheless, these platforms form an integral part of
sentiment analysis since they provide an ever changing source of data
that is becoming more complex and connected by the day
(\citeproc{ref-DangEtAl2021}{Dang \emph{et al.}, in press}).

Vivino is predominantly an online marketplace, but can also be
considered as a social media platform of sorts. The mechanics of the
site's interface and features, to a large extent, mirror those of any
standard social media platform. Vivino users create a profile with an
accompanying profile picture and are able to follow and therefore be
followed by other users. Furthermore users are able to post images
alongside their wine reviews, which other users can then like, comment
on or share at their own discretion. The reviews shared on Vivino are
therefore subject to the same emotional and behavioural biases as social
media posts which means that value can be added to understanding the
inner workings of this platform's data by applying sentiment analysis
techniques.

\subsection{Wine descriptives}\label{wine-descriptives}

Sentiment analysis has proven to be a useful tool to analyse the wine
industry before. Previous accounts include the study done by Barbierato,
Bernetti \& Capecchi (\citeproc{ref-BarbieratoEtAl2022}{2022}), who used
reviews on packaged wine tour experiences extracted from TripAdvisor, an
online travel review website, to identify the themes present in wine
tourism experiences and seperate them into positive or negative bins
based on their sentiment. They also established the elements defining
users' perceptions of quality to understand how wine tourists value the
different features of the winescape.

Bangwayo-Skeete \& Skeete (\citeproc{ref-Bangwayo2025S}{2025}) also draw
on data from TripAdvisor to analyse sentiment by focusing on user's
online discussions regarding 2 US wine festivals (yet another element of
wine tourism) to identify the usefulness of topics \& emotions in
guiding the purchasing behaviour of future users.

Another wine related sentiment study, done by Rui, Sparacino, Merlino,
Brun, Massaglia \& Blanc (\citeproc{ref-RuiEtAl2025}{in press}), aims to
bridge the gap in comprehending post-purchase satisfaction within wine
e-commerce by analysing consumers' feedback in prominent markets located
in the US, UK and China. Using text mining they find differences, by
market in consumers' online wine shopping preferences and aversions and
provide a guide that producers and platforms alike can utilise to
improve their sales and services.

\newpage

\section{\texorpdfstring{Exploratory data description \& analysis
\label{Data}}{Exploratory data description \& analysis }}\label{exploratory-data-description-analysis}

\subsection{Data, transformation and
cleaning}\label{data-transformation-and-cleaning}

The dataset utilised in this analysis comprises 2298 observations of 107
variables, each encapsulating aspects and features related to the user,
vintage of wine and winery concerned in each review. An excerpt from the
original dataset can be found in Table 1. This is supplemented by Table
2 which displays a description for each of the variables extracted for
use in this analysis.

The original data set was modified slightly by filtering out all reviews
posted in languages other than English since using APIs to translate
them to English was too costly an endeavor to undertake. 1667 of the
original observations remained.

The reviews were tokenised and 30 800 tokens were recorded where-after I
followed the standard pre-processing steps of removing punctuation,
numbers, symbols, characters and taking everything to lower case. I also
used the default tidyverse stop\_words dataset to remove stop words
using 3 respective lexicons: snowball (from the tm package), onix (from
the ONIX text retrieval system) and smart (from the SMART information
retrieval system). After these intermediate steps there were 16 869
tokens remaining. All `clean' tokes were ultimately used in the random
forest model to avoid unnecessary sampling bias.

\subsection{Data Exploration}\label{data-exploration}

First, I was interested in uncovering the distribution of ratings
associated with review tokens. This was done by calculating the average
rating associated with each unique token and visualising the frequency
observed for each rating through the histogram presented in Figure 1.
The high frequency of observations that can be observed at a rating of
3.5 and 4 suggest that there may be certain words driving better
ratings.

To gain a bit of insight into which words these might be I created a
popularity index that used formula (1) to determine the popularity of
each token.

\begin{equation}
    \text{popularity\_index} = 0.8 \times \text{word\_count} + 0.2 \times \text{ave\_rating}
\end{equation}

The most popular words (i.e.~words that get high ratings and are used
frequently) in reviews based on my index can be seen in the word cloud
depicted in Figure 2. It comes as no surprise that wine is the most
`popular' word in a collection of wine review data. The words to take
notice of however are port, dark, nose, sweet and red. It is interesting
to note that 4/5 of these most popular words seem best suited to
describing red, instead of white wines.

The wide difference in importance of tokens as portrayed by both Figures
1 \& 2 are of a large enough extent to merit the statistical modelling
in the next section.

\newpage

\section{\texorpdfstring{Statistical modelling
\label{StatMod}}{Statistical modelling }}\label{statistical-modelling}

To uncover the underlying relationship between words used in wine
reviews and high ratings a two-step statistical modelling process is
employed.

\subsection{Step 1: Random Forest}\label{step-1-random-forest}

The first step entails utilising a random forest model as a method to
select the 20 words (or `variables') that best predict a high rating.
This model was chosen for its ability to handle complex datasets
effectively as well as its scope for completing classification and
regression tasks in a manner that is easy to interpret.

These variables are then fed into a simple OLS regression in 2 step of
the modelling process to calculate coefficients and standard errors and
inspect the significance of these words in predicting high ratings.

To employ step 1 the tokenised data was first converted into a document
term matrix of words and each re-linked to their respective ratings.
Thereafter I partitioned the data set into two subsets for training and
testing. I decided to adopt the most generally used splitting practice
and divide the data by means of a 70/30 split, whereby the training set
makes up 70\% of the data and the other 30\% of the data is saved for
testing. By employing this split a healthy balance is maintained between
availing a sufficient amount of data to effectively train the model and
keeping a significant portion of the data unseen to enable assessing how
the model performs without the risk of overfitting that would have been
present if the data where trained and tested on the same set of data.
Figure 3 plots the distribution of ratings found in respectively the
training (red) and the testing (green) sets. These followed a
satisfyingly similar trajectory that enabled me to confidently continue
with my analysis.

The recipe (a set prepossessing pipeline created for the data) was then
defined and set to facilitate 3 transformations: it includes a
hot-encoding applied to categorical variables, removes numeric
predictors with zero variance and normalizes numeric predictors.

Next, a tree-based model called a Random Forest is specified. This model
utilises numerous trees fit on bootstrapped samples of data reserved for
training and using an arbitrary subset of predictors at every split (see
the mtry parameter) which then averages the predictions made by all the
trees to reduce variance. This method is therefore robust to
overfitting, can efficiently process interactions and nonlinearities and
is insentitive to scaling (by which variables do not ned to be
normalized). My regression forest model employs 100 trees with a minimum
of 10 observations in a node pre split.

A workflow containing the recipe and model specification is built to
improve reproducibility and reduce errors by ensuring that all
transformations are recorded and performed in the correct order. A
5-fold cross-validation approach is employed for model evaluation and
hyperparameter tuning whereby the training data is divided into 5 parts
that are each employed once as the validation set and act as the
training set otherwise. This ensures a robust model performance estimate
that doesn't rely on a single split between training and testing.

Random Forests require minimal hyperparameter tuning. The most important
parameter to optimise is mtry since a value that is too low till
alleviate bias and a number that is too large will increase variance. I
defined a regular grid over values of mtry that were possible between 2
and 18 and tune the forest with the same workflow and CV folds as
earlier. Figure 4 plots the root mean squared error performance of my
Random Forest by mtry. The model is tuned to the lowest mean metric
value, found at mtry = 16, for the best performance.

Finally the ultimate model was fit on the full training set, the optimal
hyperparameters were plugged into the workflow and the final models'
performance evaluated on the test set. The trained model was inspected
and an assesment was carried out on the models' performance on unseen
data. These results are displayed in Table 3. The RMSE (Root Mean
Squared Error) indicates that on average, predictions deviate from
actual ratings by 0.64. The R-squared tells us that 12\% of the
variation in ratings is explained by the model and the MAE (Mean
Absolute Error) tells us that the typical absolute error in prediction
is around 0.46. The low RMSE and MAE are both extremely satisfying
whilst the low R-squared conveys disappointing explanatory power.

The top 20 words identified by the Random Forest model are then
visualised in the variable importance plot displayed in Figure 5. As can
be expected descriptive words conveying a positive sentiment like
`excellent', `absolutely', `fantastic', `amazing' and `delicious' make
up our top ranks. Lesser expected words are `smooth' and `port'
confirming our suspicions that red wines being better associated with
high ratings than white wines from Figure 2. Furthermore Figure 6
depicts a word cloud of the top 50 words in reviews identified by the
Random Forest model where further positive descriptives like
`wonderful', `beautiful', `bliss', `brilliant', `elegant' and `stunning'
can be found.

\subsection{Step 2: OLS Regression}\label{step-2-ols-regression}

During the second step ratings are regressed on the top 20 words, as
identified by the Random Forest model during step 1, to get coefficients
for their probability of determining good ratings. These regression
results are summarised in Table 4 and we can see that to our
satisfaction most of the coefficients display with great significance at
even up to the 0\% level. We see that the probability of receiving a
good rating increases by 50\% when the word `excellent' is used in a
review, but reduces by 168\% when the word `bland' is included.
Interestingly Port is the only vintage that makes it into the top 20
tokens. This once again hints to an overall preference for red above
white wine, but could also be due to the concentration of wines made in
Calitzdrop.

Figure 5 portrays a plot of the coefficients such that the playoff
between those words with positive (INSERT COLOUR) and negative (INSERT
COLOUR) effects on ratings can be seen. We note that there is a higher
collection of positive descriptives that increase the probability of a
good rating than those predicting a bad rating and note that negative
descriptives have an effect of a greater magnitude in reducing the
probability of a goot rating than the positive descriptives have of
increasing a good rating. This can be driven by humankinds tendancy to
loss aversion where a loss (buying a bad wine) is valued at a greater
magnitude than a gain (buying a good wine) of a similar size.

\newpage

\section{\texorpdfstring{Conclusion
\label{Concl}}{Conclusion }}\label{conclusion}

I therefore find satisfactory evidence that there is indeed a
correlation between the words used to describe wine in reviews and their
subsequent ratings. These findings are significant and were created to
be robust to errors by implementing a Random Forest model to identify
which words to include as explanatory variables in my OLS regression. As
expected positive descriptives has a positive effect on ratings and vice
versa for negative descriptives.

\newpage

\section*{References}\label{references}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{References}

\phantomsection\label{refs}
\begin{CSLReferences}{1}{1}
\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-AlalwanEtAl2018}
Alalwan, A.A. 2018. Investigating the impact of social media advertising
features on customer purchase intention. \emph{International journal of
information management}. 42:65--77.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-AliEtAl2025}
Ali, H.M.U., Farooq, Q., Imran, A. \& El Hindi, K. 2025. A systematic
literature review on sentiment analysis techniques, challenges, and
future trends: A systematic literature review on sentiment analysis
techniques. \emph{Knowledge and information systems}. 67(5):3967--4034.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-Bangwayo2025S}
Bangwayo-Skeete, P. \& Skeete, R.W. 2025. Sipping and sharing: Impact of
emotions and topics on the usefulness of travelers' wine festival forum
posts. \emph{International journal of wine business research}.
37(1):134--158.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-BarbieratoEtAl2022}
Barbierato, E., Bernetti, I. \& Capecchi, I. 2022. Analyzing TripAdvisor
reviews of wine tours: An approach based on text mining and sentiment
analysis. \emph{International journal of wine business research}.
34(2):212--236.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-DangEtAl2021}
Dang, C.N., Moreno-GarcÃ­a, M.N. \& Prieta, F.D. la. (in press). An
approach to integrating sentiment analysis into recommender systems.
\emph{Sensors (Basel, Switzerland)}. 21(16):5666--.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-RuiEtAl2025}
Rui, M., Sparacino, A., Merlino, V.M., Brun, F., Massaglia, S. \& Blanc,
S. (in press). Exploring consumer sentiments and opinions in wine
e-commerce: A cross-country comparative study. \emph{Journal of
retailing and consumer services}. 82:104097--.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-VosoughiEtAl2018}
Vosoughi, S., Roy, D. \& Aral, S. 2018. The spread of true and false
news online. \emph{Science (American Association for the Advancement of
Science)}. 359(6380):1146--1151.

\bibitem[\citeproctext]{ref-WoSA2023}
Wines of South Africa (WoSA). 2023. \emph{South {A}frican {W}ine
{H}arvest {R}eport 2023}. Wines of South Africa. {[}Online{]},
Available:
\url{https://www.wosa.co.za/The-Industry/Vintage-Reports/South-African-Wine-Harvest-Report-2023/}
{[}2025, June 13{]}.

\end{CSLReferences}

\bibliography{Tex/ref}





\end{document}
